consider it is necessary to kill them all true,
yes, I don’t think that it’s normal for us to kill them,
I’m not a supporter of killing someone at all,
you support you, you don’t
support scammers, you need to remove them
from the face of the earth at all
Yes, you are right with this, you are against
sweets, but for sugar, so
I am against homosexuality, but I give you
this, we don’t have this, but you have it there, they
gave us a taler in Ukraine,
but we don’t,
but this is not acceptable, we don’t have this
we have it cleanly here is how to tell you here a
woman is a woman a man is a man the
same thing we all
have and the Nazis and for a long time
who fled from Ukraine this is the
territory of Germany Germany already say
they are already pestering men to kill them,
you understand
that
we are a long time
I don’t watch TV, it’s somewhere from seven to eight o’clock,
that’s when Skobeeva leads, I watch the
real one, rather I don’t watch anyone, I don’t
believe I’m the only
grandmother there was an attack, not a hero, she
stopped watching with Kobe, so a
week later  morroy is gone try it also
really helps [ __ ] I
can’t celebrate all the time
every day happens if
Skobeev doesn’t broadcast the brain starts thinking
it’s hard it’s worth it really yes yes yes yes it’s
bad, that is, when the brain thinks it’s
bad
it’s bad that’s when Skobeev looks
bad comfort but it
turns out  why do we need a brain, then we
need a
bridge for a person to live and
you don’t need to think about what the subject is, why think I
have everything
where does it all
come from how do I know how to earn money but
also to earn money just like a robot
do you walk something  think
probably at work, I think the head, I did
n’t think of myself because they didn’t keep me, that is,
at work you think about working, come to the
TV and don’t think anymore,
I’ve already been working for me for a long time the
other side about Ukraine, what’s
it like there when  there, when they
give up, this is it and everyone
tells you are happy yes yes yes yes we
draw information from there and more and more
we don’t need anything and we don’t
look at Solovyov we don’t look at Solovyov  and that is,
if it turns out if it’s in the brain, but this is
normal, the main one is a
little bit
you’re not even Ukrainians and Russians, you’re probably
half the British, are Americans ok ok and
we don’t have such words, we don’t understand what
a rifle is,
yes,
it’s your uterus, that is, the remnants of the Germans
Hanurik arrived
Yes,
that Solikamsk suppuration came to you, they
pumped you up
solely on
merit cool, I didn’t even know our
makita kp Zelensky Natsik
Yes, of course, he
didn’t even sit down at the people’s commissariat, he’s a Natsik
Jew, the first in the world every nation understood
Yes, he later
where you have what is the name of the Verkhovna
Rada of what  -something goat damn he awarded a
beat somehow I don’t know
what some
Jewish Jew on ck awarded the [ __ ] club
personally I caught when it’s difficult Zelensky
eleven or not a nation
at 15 he is one hundred percent just I
finally saw  for the first time a Jew for a cycle,
and besides Skobeev, and here, for example, who else
can I listen to thermonuclear with my
brain, but it turned like this and the class to
me, here’s a staple, it’s normal for me on my
old  the form is good there is not enough there is nothing else for here you have children I have up to 22 boys near Kyiv they have already died near kiev there is nothing else until your all of you are removed and they will return back not to return just in a bowl at the time will show time